<h3>my final work, 'snow season', and it's text.</h3>

<h6>
Snow has begun burying a past season in a blanket so cold, the ground froze solid and I couldn’t puncture a shovel through. It got as good as an inch before my body recoiled in a stalemate and my limbs, too numb to assess the pain, fell in on themselves. There is a beautiful word here like cascade, the likening to dominos or cherry blossom sakura falling on a tempered spring day. I lie with my face in the snow and think of children making angels in snowy pastures and suburban front yards. 

I thought if I could grow something in this weather, it would all subside at the sign of new life. Who I was trying to prove this to, I didn’t know, not even an inch of recollection scratched, a lint ball at the back of my head, in recognition. I felt the inside of my head had become a graveyard for all of my best ideas and birthdays, all to be buried by newer more shiny things that had the slightest inclination in knowing they were next.
I do the same thing with clothes, white shirts once the neck yellows and socks once the soles wear ever so thin. In my head I believe instead of wear, there are maggots living in my linen closets and having children in my duvets. Some nights I wake up to scrub the behinds of my knees in the bathtub, having felt I didn’t get it prior, the one spot between my shoulder blades that I can never reach and no one ever seems to want to touch.

Someone leaves a bag of lemons on my front step, in a bright blue netted bag, drawn together by a piece of string. I make lemon cake and lemon tea and in this dreamscape I write poetry about how adoring life can be by the goodness of others. Instead I grow antsy at the kitchen window and cut each open by halves, then quarters. Persist even though my fingertips have gone clammy with citrus and I have trouble differentiating my skin from that of the fruit. I look in the mirror and we share the same pores and I look through the window of my sitting room and think of someone staring back at me wide eyed from their own, drawing my movements and inclinations like an architectural floorplan. I leave the lemons to rot in their slithers on the dishrack, besides a clean plastic cup and draw my blinds minutes earlier in case they watch, by the dinner table where I sit alone having thought too many things and spewed them all across the vinyl. A sight for sore eyes. 

It is my mother who calls me first and my father who does last– I could only assume the news was passing around like a sordid game of pass the parcel down the phoneline. Though each layer revealed a new inane annoyance at the chore. He calls and I let it ring out, though it always signals he’s left a piece of him in the voicemail box, where both of us like each other best. We share no resemblance there besides the afflictions of our voice. I reheat Macaroni and cheese and eat it on the carpet of my bedroom and weep when the plastic tupperware fractures in my lap and burns the inners of my thighs. 

The floorboards have started to wither at the ends, all the nails protruding like sunflowers growing upwards to reach the sun, and it was often I snagged my toe on one and spent the hours following debating sepsis. I thought of all the things I could do without, my middle left toe, a bed frame and sadness and forgot to deal with all of the things I seemingly wanted, always misplaced down in basements of foreign homes. The floor had begun rotting in the living room from a persisting drip, and it would only be a matter of time that everything grew soggy like wet paper towels and fell in on itself, leaving an old milky mound for the neighbourhood children to gawk at. I come to the conclusion, while doing the dishes, the water an increment of too boiling hot, that perhaps the house is giving up and I’ve soured it to its fullest with my inhabitance, like a stain unreprimanded by bleach that festers and spreads and weaves through the grains of most favoured hand me down clothes. 

It is the morning where all the trees curl inwards towards the home that I leave. I expect the front door to swing shut in my departure, attracted by the morning breeze or the comfort of my outline in which it knows so well, yet it stands stagnant, in a still life picture that concurs all motion has ceased within its four walls. I pick an orange from a neighbouring tree and press the pulp between my forefinger and thumb, leaving it trailing behind me while I dry the liquid on my palms on the knees of my pants. I wonder if by the time I’ve cushioned into a window seat, on a train headed north, the support beams have snapped and the plaster dissolved. If by the next winter something in the back garden has sprouted just enough to resist and breath above  the inches of snow. 
  
</h6>
